Instructions for D4RK354B3R's flare sequencer script!

The flare sequencer script is designed for use specifically with the guided missiles mod.
It will cycle through your ship's flares, one at a time, so they are all fired in sequence instead of all at once.
This can give you better decoy/flare performance against incoming missiles, provided you add additional flare launchers.

With enough practice, good use of flares can negate incoming sidewinders, cruise missiles, and torpedos, up to 70+% success rate.

Steps to set up this script:
1. Put a programmable block on the ship. 
	Put the script (by copying and pasting or otherwise) into the programmable block by pressing the "Edit" button in the control panel.
2. Put a timer block on your ship. Make sure to add the correct tag to it's name, "Flare".
	So an example name for this timer block could be "Timer Block (Flare)"
3. In the timer block's actions list, setup the actions so that from left to right...
	The script's Programmable block -> run -> set the argument to "run" without quotations
	The same timer block -> start
	The same timer block -> trigger now
4. Put flares on the ship.
5. On the hotkey bar for the cockpit, add following action:
	The script's programmable block -> run -> set the argument to "single" without quotations.
	(One alternative mode of operation uses the argument, "cont")

Now your ship is ready to use this script! Just press the button it's assigned to from the cockpit, and your flares will be launched in sequence.

There are two modes of operation for this script, as mentioned in setup step #5:
"single" mode will cycle through each flare and fire it only once. The script will then stop itself after firing the last flare.
"cont" mode, short for continuous, will continually cycle through flares and fire them until the script is stopped. 

Pressing the button for the script in the cockpit a second time will stop it.


If the flare firing rate is undesirable for you, you can adjust it by making a quick and easy edit to the script!
The default flare firing rate is currently set to 8. If you decided 4 gives you better performance, you can change it by editing the following line:
public const double flaresPerSecond = 8; 

and changing the line to instead read:
public const double flaresPerSecond = 4; 